[DOCS] In-app agent request (#10836)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/deploy/deploy_gx_agent.md

---
title: 'Deploy the GX Agent'
id: deploy_gx_agent

> description: Deploy the GX Agent to  test locally or enhance security.

Author: **Note for reviewers:** Though not in the plan, I updated the page description because it looked outdated to me. Apologies for scope creep

> description: Deploy the GX Agent to  test locally or enhance security.

Author: suggestion from Akshat [in slack](https://greatexpectationslabs.slack.com/archives/C04SFTSNBGC/p1736455356800659?thread_ts=1736454623.918659&cid=C04SFTSNBGC)

```suggestion
description: Deploy GX Agent to connect your data source within your own environment.
```

Author: spirit of previous suggestion but with tweaks to abide style guide
```suggestion
description: Deploy the GX Agent to connect to your Data Source within your own environment.
```

## Prerequisites

- You have a [GX Cloud account](https://greatexpectations.io/cloud).
- You have reached out to GX Support at support@greatexpectations.io to request a GX Agent deployment.
- You have a [Docker instance](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) or [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/).

## Get your access token and organization ID

You need your access token and organization ID to deploy the GX Agent. Access tokens shouldn't be committed to version control software. 
## Enable the GX Agent

> If you've used GX Cloud previously, you have your access token and organization ID, and you need to restart the GX Agent, see [Deploy the GX Agent](#deploy-the-gx-agent).

Author: **note for reviewers**: though not in the plan, I decided to remove this since this callout makes less sense with the "New GX Cloud account" tab removed. Also it should be intuitive for folks who already have their access token and org id to skip over this section based on the section header alone.

<Tabs
  groupId="copy-token"
  defaultValue='new'
  groupId="request-agent"
  defaultValue='none'
  values={[
  {label: 'New GX Cloud account', value:'new'},
  {label: 'Existing GX Cloud account', value:'existing'},
  {label: 'No Data Sources yet', value:'none'},
  {label: 'Existing Data Sources', value:'some'},
  ]}>
<TabItem value="new">
<TabItem value="none">

1. Sign in to GX Cloud.
1. Go to **Data Assets**.
2. Select a Data Source type.
3. Click **Request Agent**.

2. Complete the survey and then click **Continue to GX Cloud**.

3. Copy and then paste the **Access token** and **Organization ID** values into a temporary file. You'll need them to deploy the GX Agent.
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="some">

4. Click **Deploy the GX Agent** and [deploy the GX Agent](#deploy-the-gx-agent).
1. Go to **Data Assets**.
2. Select **New Data Asset**.
3. Select **New Data Source**.
4. Select a Data Source type.
5. Click **Request Agent**.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="existing">
</Tabs>

We will send you a confirmation email when we fulfill your request. You can continue following the steps below to deploy the GX Agent while we work on enabling it for your organization.

> Use the information provided here to view your organization ID or create a new access token. This can be helpful if you've forgotten your organization ID or access token, and you need to restart the GX Agent.

Author: **note for reviewers:** though not in the plan, I decided to remove this text because it doesn't make as much sense with the tabs in this section removed.
